Funeral Manager Li is looking for you
This will
child
The company is very satisfied with my entry work.
It's already in production.
Even if the company wants to fire me
You have to give me a reason
You want a reason?
The reason is that my girlfriend is cowardly and looks at you.
Enough reason
Why are you not convinced?
Have an opinion
Opinions vary.
Who doesn't know the entire Haicheng design community?
Lao Tzu is
Mr. Liu, you are so handsome
I look better in bed
But I didn't do anything wrong.
You have no reason to fire me
What did I add?
You are a clerk
He even asked the boss why he wanted to be fired
Jiang Li, see clearly
As long as I want
The position of the general manager of Shengshi Design
It could be you.
Even if you don't go
I also have a way to put you in small shoes
Manager Li
Tell security to kick this woman out of my house
Ok ok ok
Security guard
Someone in the design department made trouble and kicked me out
Security, you are too bullying
Dare to fire my wife
If you don't want to live, call security
Why did I call you in?
Why did you change careers to become a security guard?
Are your dog ears pretty smart?